chore(deps): update peerDep versions in public packages, point installed version to latest (#5120)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: .changeset/tricky-eels-tie.md

---
"@aws-amplify/ui-react-auth": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui-react-core-auth": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui-react-core-notifications": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui-react-core": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui-react-geo": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui-react-liveness": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui-react-native-auth": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui-react-native": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui-react-notifications": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui-react-storage": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui-react": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui-vue": patch
"@aws-amplify/ui-angular": patch
---

> [DRAFT] chore(deps): update peerDep versions in public packages, point to latest for examples and docs

Author: Silly changeset!

> [DRAFT] chore(deps): update peerDep versions in public packages, point to latest for examples and docs

Author: ```suggestion
chore(deps): update peerDep versions in public packages, point to 6.0.26 for examples and docs
```
